<div id="search_tips">
    <strong>Search tips: </strong>
    <ul>
        <li> Truncation: "level" (with out quotes) finds "state-level", "Cleveland", and "level"</li>
        <li> Exact phrase: Enter "treatment program" (with quotes) only finds "treatment program" and "level"
        only finds "level"</li><li> Multiple words finds documents containing all words entered.</li>
        <li> Character case is ignored. </li>
    </ul>
    <strong>What are search fields, actually?</strong>
    <p>This seach engine searches through descriptions of individual ICPSR datasets,
       as provided by the ICPSR itself.  To describe its data holdings, the ICPSR uses a
       "metadata standard" known as the DDI <a href="http://www.ddialliance.org/">http://www.ddialliance.org/</a>.  These descriptions
       consist of different "fields" or categories of information about the datasets - e.g. the
       countries and time periods covered by the data, who gathered the data, and so on.
       This search engine uses the following fields/categories from the descriptions to search for datasets:
    </p>
    <br/>
    <table border="0" rules="rows">
        <col align="left" valign="top" width="30%">
        <col align="left" valign="top" width="30%">
        <col align="left" valign="top" width="30%">
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <th>
                    <a href="http://www.icpsr.umich.edu/help/abstract.html" target="_blank">
                        Field Name
                    </a>
                </th>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Title + Study No.</td>
                <td>The name and ICPSR study number for a  data collection</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Summary</td>
                <td>The ICPSR's overview of the data collection, such as to the
                general topics covered by the data and the reasons why the data were gathered</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Principal Investigator</td>
                <td>The individual(s) or organization who gathered the data -
                the "authors" of the data.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Subject Terms</td>
                <td>A detailed list of the subjects/topics covered by the data.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Geographic Coverage</td>
                <td>The countries and geographic areas included in the data.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Time Period</td>
                <td>The range of dates/years covered by the data.</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
</div>